setup-gems-cache: Add composite action for setup gems cache (#300)
Homebrew/actions: setup-gems-cache/README.md

# Setup Gems Cache

> An action that prepare and setup gems cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An action that sets up and installs Homebrew gems
```

Having both `set up` and `installs` might be redundant, though

## Usage

```yaml
- name: Setup Gems Cache
  if: always()
  uses: Homebrew/actions/setup-gems-cache@master
  with: 

>     ci_test_mode: 0
>     relink: 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
